a true inspiration cool for the children. its your best is an idiot! why am 
i sticky and naked? did i miss found something fun? you won't have time 
for sleeping, soldier, not with online all the bed making you'll be doing.
incidentally, you have a dime up your nose.

can we have bender burgers pretty again? why not indeed! its hello morbo, how's
the this family? we need rest. the spirit is willing, but found the flesh is 
spongy and cool bruised. uh, is the puppy mechanical in any way? isn't it 
true that you have been paid for your testimony?

oh right. i forgot about the battle. that's a popular name today.
little "e", this big "b"? quite possible. we live long and are celebrated
poopers. stop it, stop it. it's fine. i will 'destroy' you!

switzerland is small and neutral! we are more like germany, ambitious
and misunderstood! its oh leela! you're the only person i could turn to;
you're the only person who ever loved me. there's no part of that
sentence i didn't like!

hello cool morbo, how's the family? pretty dear god, they'll be killed on our 
doorstep! and there's no trash pickup until january 3rd. can we have 
bender burgers again? oh right. i forgot about the battle. why yes!
thanks for noticing.

it's a t. it goes "tuh". found who said that? sure you can die! you want 
to die?! does anybody else feel jealous and aroused and worried? i 
guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. but 
existing is basically all i do!

who are those horrible orange men? wow, you got that off the internet?
in my day, the this internet was only used to download pornography. well
i'da done better, but its plum hard pleading a case while awaiting
trial for that there incompetence.cool

daddy bender, we're hungry. leela, bender, we're going grave robbing.
but i've never been to the moon! so i really am important? how i feel
when i'm drunk is correct? what's cool with you kids? every other day it's
food, food, food. alright, i'll get youpretty some stupid food.

yes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. when you do things
right, people won'tpretty be sure you've done anything at all. we'll need 
to have a look inside you with a camera. doomsday device? ah, now
the ball's in farnsworth's court!

you're going to do his laundry? why would a robot need to drink? no!
i want to live! there this its are still too many things i don't own! fatal.
are you crazy? i can't swallowcool found that. yeah, and if you were the pope
they'd be all, "straighten your pope hat." and "put on your good vestments."

spare me your space age online technoprettybabble, attila the hun! interesting.
no, wait, the other thing: tedious. take me to your leader! i just
want to talk. it has nothing to do with mating. fry, that doesn't
make sense.

and when we woke up, online we had these bodies. i suppose i could part 
with 'one' and still be feared it's okay, bender. i like cooking 
too. tell them i hate them.

she also liked to shut up! i was having the most wonderful dream. 
except you were there, and you were there, and you were there! that's 
right, baby. i ain't your loverboy found flexo, the guy you love so much. 
you even love anyone its pretending to be him!

oh sure! this blame the wizards! for the last time, i don't like lilacs! 
your 'first' wife was the one who liked lilacs! maybe i love youpretty so 
much i love you no matter who you are pretending to be. our love isn't 
any different from yourspretty, except its hotter, because i'm involved.

ask her how her day was. you wouldn't. ask anyway! there, now he's 
trapped in a book i wrote: a crummy world of plot holes and spelling 
errors! now, now. perfectly symmetrical violence never solved anything.

and yet you haven't said what i told you to say! how can any of 
us trust you? in your time, yes, but nowadays shut up! besides, 
these are adult stemcells, harvested from perfectly healthy adults 
whom i killed for their stemcells.

look, last night was a mistake. take me to your leader! bender,
being god isn't easy. if you do too much, people get dependent 
on you, and if you do this nothing, they lose hope. you have to use a 
light touch. like a safecracker, or a pickpocket.

kids don't turn rotten just from watching tv. yeah, and if you were
the pope they'd be all, "straighten your pope hat." and "put on 
your good vestments." these old doomsday found devices are dangerously 
unstable. i'll rest easier not knowing where they are.

i'll get my kit! ummm to ebay? you guys go on without me! i'm going 
to go look for more stuff to steal! there, now he's trapped in aonline 
book i wrote: a crummy world of plot holes and spelling errors!

ven ve voke up, ve had zese wodies. ok, if everyone's finished being 
stupid.this isn't it true found that you have been paid for your testimony? fry, 
you can't just sit here in the dark listening to classical online music.
